I was a child always wanted to create something that reason impact on millions of people and with the use of technology 
we see that possible 
we can't read great games that rich Kidz
this model and grow stronger every day
we had a small team that have been
working in the gaming industry for 10 
years our vision was to be a growing
company since we're sorry the idea of
the first half came about when my niece
ask me for hanging on the saddles up and 
everything out there in the market was 
full of ads share with the team that
lets try to be our own animal sums up 
one with no advertising and when we
don't if we started to have thousands of 
downloads every day the first we 
launched it was only in three languages
by then we saw in Google Analytics that 
people from all over the world was using
the app we said okay let's do it in as
many languages as we can we are aiming
for here in Argentina is creating the 
initial part of the project but we knew
from the beginning that we had to be 
laughs very big and strong team we
started to hire people from all over
to collaborate with us in voiceover
language translator just thinking about
two months literally having 15 inches
and we increase out downloads by three 
hundred percent in 12 months alone you
have to figure out all the food
throughout aspects in out product called
animal sounds we have our feet and its
own specific countries our users were
requesting us to remove their and from
the game after removing the animal for 
those specific countries our average
rating change from 3.92 4.2 stars and 
results for us was just amazing ratings
and reviews section it's a powerful tool
in order to learn from your community of 
users we are answering to them in user
native language with the htlp of google 
translate of as a result we have seen a
 great improvement in terms of user 
ratings in fact all of them are four
point four stars or even higher nervous
having our apps in the Google Play Store
is great for us we can reach millions of
people every month in different
countries in different languages
recently we have been working in 
organizing also the prices is super
important since we did we saw twenty
percent increase in already
we understand that apple slaw is like a
bridge can connect kids parents and
teachers all of our products are
conceived with the idea of empowering
our little users and it is so exciting
to create boy brought that you know will
have an impact in so many families and 
houses from all over the world in order
to prepare future adults in the worst
way possible  
